good to all I am stumble and we
we found top minecraft houses
today we have the fund house the number
3 place 3 like this house so the
another seemed better because this is not a
thing of the rest not the rest 6 goes up
score but look at that that presents
it's beautiful it's pretty well made
to take this away from me
and wait I have the volume I have there
lobbys I think
and I'm sorry it's always a bit weird and if
is that I'm not bad but I'm a
little overwhelmed by the theme of youtube
quiet is studies I usually think that
I have the sound
let's start it's worth here
house created by a hydra 44 for the
home contest of trontza 1 I hope that
Argentine pleases them is not worth
could record with me my son that is going
to give a voice note for today what
I'm sorry for not
all this is worth yes for not going I'm going to
leave a moment of time about ten
seconds, then, is it worth it when I go to
upload this video this one
hello I'm an idea 44 thank you very much
doctor for including me in this top and
I hope you like the house
if you pass an annotation they will say it if I do not
They have not heard anything like this
that we follow
that goes up a lot of score I like
it's a structure but they are things that
that go up let's see the farm so what
has everything prepared and has nothing
pork the duck paradise does not count
you see here a normal farm this normal
not a pretty organized thing not a
thing out there disorganized not quite
organized but that yes nothing that yes nothing
of pistons remains worth I think that the
previous house and this one are very tied
it's worth less than it's simply earned
because of the impact it gives, that's why
well we enter music and the
pretty generous door too
but good to also look at what
ornaments is not a very spacious house
it's good it's beautiful but it has many
ornaments are worth lamps
with the posters
and well
we are going to do of days that is made of
night
It also has a fridge
do not let it eat but well let's leave
here has ovens have nothing worth
but this is here and there is common
rod imagine the bar
and here we have what it comes to be
the seats that do not very well
I do not know how to have the micro and I talked to you
a few days
here a
the music protection I forget the
name of I feel that I play in English you
What do you think that's wrong, but let's go
here and let's go now up it's worth like
you see what the bad thing about this house is this
how do you get in here to see how it goes
good it can come out really do not
it is the same
here we have boats with which we can
catch them here fishing rods
what we can ride, go but
some boats are like uploads
but good is to push push to push
salt and salt out and out
and with the sales you crash does what
you want
we go up it
we go through again
at the moment it's pretty good
this is also well worth it and this
plant has a bookstore
well let's put music now that
I say let's put music for this house
let's put this cd
it is not zero
there was another very similar so it would be
this
of this same
Lovely views this house the beach
from here so I encourage you to
you play a survival with this map what
I feel if this is too high
biden
I'm sorry for the previous cut I've
had to do one thing not if it has
changed the voice
so well we keep going again
pretty pretty
let's see what function we have left
our things
Well, if a pretty good function
a weapon that if you are near you choose everything
so good
I'm sorry if I'm doing my
serious solution and I'm very sorry
I love it so music is
a good composer of 416 I think it's
A) Yes
to see here once he sings and
we went up to the tower that views
precious the house as I have told you is
pretty good uses new materials
as you see the previous one I also used it
previous I used this and I used it in the
farm nothing more
the best thing was doing the house and you were
We update puts the good will
come down but in a very special way
as how are we going to go down like
for the trampoline
as well
one thing that my son dries is that the
last houses and it's true
do not exploit them
and is that they really deserve it I do not know
what face these houses do not know no
it does not give me so that these few
explode exploded is the last of all
the 1st that these last two houses are going
to surprise we will be surprised
thing because you
when you see something you are going to think
then who will first perform with
the intrigue is a pretty good house
OK
these are pretty good but if these
you already say they are has a quality
Excellent
expected from the others
like it now, if you have
liked the house very much
is fired transit
goodbye